Version: AOL 1.##
Requirements: Processor- 386 33 Mhz or above. It will run on slower computers
but it might be painfully slow. VGA monitor, and 1.4 megabytes of hard-disk
space. As for RAM it only requires 356K or so, so don't worry about it.

As you find your way up through miles of winding tunnels you will find
it useful to know how to move.

Here's how:
(Using the numeric keypad or the arrows)

	8 = forward
	4 = 90 degree turn to the left
	6 = 90 degree turn to the right
	
Simple. Very simple

  When you encounter a Gnome here's how to fight:
  Use your mouse to point to the target and fire with the 8 key.
  The weapon that is selected in your inventory will be fired.

  The 2 key will be defend against a gnome's attack.

  To attack and defend you can use the left and right mouse buttons
  respectively, but using the keyboard is suggested.

  Some traps need to be shot down, some need to be blocked by merely
  placing your cursor over them right before they explode. There is NO need
  to hit the 2 key to defend against those traps.

Commands:
	To click on anything on the screen use the 2 key, or the left-mouse
	button.

	The M button will display the map.
	The map shows all the places that you have been.
	The map will disappear if you hit a key

	When the map is not on the screen the inventory will be.
	From there you can select your weapon and other items that you may
	need. (Note: When you select your weapon during combat, the new 
	selected weapon is not highlighted)

	Clicking on the Q button will quit the game

	Clicking on the R button will restart the game

	Clicking on the S will save the game, but will only save
	your position at the BEGINNING of the level. If you are
	halfway through, you will start in the beginning position
	again. However you will have all your items.

	Clicking on the L will load a previously saved game.

	Clicking on the CP will allow you to enter the copy protection
	that will allow you to continue past the seventh level of the
	game. To recieve your number send a donation of $5 to $10 to:


Life & Ammo bars:

There are two bars at the bottom of the screen. The lower one is your
life, and if the bar completely disappears you will die. The upper one
is your ammo. In combat when you use ammo your ammo it shortens, until
it disappears when you are completely drained of ammo.

Donating for the longer final 13 levels & hint guide:

Kreuzer Industries
72 Hale Road
Canton, NY 13617

Include the money, your name, and your game number. If for any reason you 
lose the number we return, and you have previously sent us the $5 to $10
dollars, send a letter including your name and game number and we will send
you the answer number free.

With this donation you will not only be able to play the last 2/3rds of the 
game that include new levels and enemies, you will also be able to use the 
complete hint guide and the cheat codes. You can check your number and send 
it in any time using the CP button.

These are the Weapons that you can find in the maze.
Ammo refills are in chests.

Weapon #1
  Your starting weapon.  Not to powerful or fast firing, altogether kinda
  sad. At least you don't have to worry about ammunition.
  Name: Sling
  Ammo refills: none
  Damage:  1
  Speed: 1 
  
Weapon #2
  Not your the best weapon, but at least you can use something other than 
  that sling!
   Name: Pistol
   Ammo Refill: 6
   Damage: 2
   Speed:.5


Weapon #3
   Shoot your enemy a few times with this, and he's bound to die.
   Name:  .45 Pistol
   Ammo Refill: 6
   Damage: 3
   Speed:.5

Weapon  #4
  Reloading is slower than molasses, but then molasses could never blow apart
  a brick wall, and who says your going to need to reload?
  Name: Shotgun
  Ammo refills: 2/5
  Damage: 5
  Speed: 2 

Weapon  #5
  This gun eats a ton of ammo, but its a nice trade-off since it spits it
  through your opponent tearing him to shreds before he can even lift
  a finger, let alone a sword.
  Name: Gatling Gun
  Ammo refills: 10
  Damage: 2
  Speed .1
